[Autogenerated] and I am role is similar to an I am user in
that it is an AWS identity with a name and policies to
determine what actions it can and cannot do.
However, Rolls do not have permanent credentials,
and they cannot make direct requests to AWS services.
I am roles are meant to delegate access to a trusted entity without
having to share long term access keys with that entity.
When a trusted entity assumes a role,
that entity gains a temporary ability to perform actions
authorized by the role I am Rolls can do be used by an I am
user in the same AWS account as the role.
And I am username a different AWS account than the role and AWS service,
like Easy to or an authenticated external user.
We're going to take a look at how an I am user in the same account
and in a W S service used roles in this module,
then cover cross account access and external users later on in this course.
An important thing to keep in mind is that when a user assumes a role,
that user temporarily gives up their normal permissions and
assumes only those permissions given to the role.
For example,
suppose a user only has access to S3 if they try to access
Easy to they get a permissions error.
Suppose the user assumes a role that only has access to easy to.
Now they can access E C two, but if they try to access S3,
they'll get a permissions error.
This is because they left their previous permissions when they assumed the role.
Permissions do not combine when a user assumes a role.
A user assuming a role operates only with the permissions granted to the role.
Once you've created a role in order for an entity to assume that role,
you must give it permission.
Here's an example of a policy that allows a principle to
assume the EEC to admin role defined in this A.
W s account.
AWS tracks which principles assume a role and when they last assumed the role.
This could be helpful for auditing account activity and
determining ever role is getting used or not.
You can also revoke active sessions for a role.
If you notice a problem happening related to that role,
let's go create a role and give a user permission to assume that role will
then see how their access changes when they assume the role.
And we'll also see how you can revoke active sessions for a role.
Select roles from the AM menu, then scroll down to create role.
We're going to do this for another AWS account,
even though we'll be using it in our own account and
supply the account ID for this AWS account.
Next, we'll set permissions.
This role is going to allow full access to E.
C.
Two will select the AWS managed policy, Amazon, etc.
To full access.
We won't add any tags, and we'll call this role e c to admin.
Select, Create role.
And now we have our easy to admin role.
Now that the role is created in order for anyone to use it,
we need to provide permissions to assume that role.
Remember that you'll need the role a RN In order to create the
policy that allows a user to assume this role,
I'll copy the role error n then create a policy will add a statement
that allows the assume roll action on our resource.
The two admin role will give the policy and name and description,
then create the policy in order to allow the Dev one user to assume this policy
will attach it to the group where the Dev one user belongs.
Go to groups, developers and will attach.
The policy will filter by customer managed policy.
Since that's a much shorter list.
Now we'll switch over to the Dev want to count.
Recall from the last demo,
the user got an error When trying to do anything with easy to use,
the user can now assume the role.
Then be able to operate on SC 2D.
Select the username than switch role,
and the user will need to enter the information about the role
display name is for how it will show up for this user in their
selection of roles that they can switch to.
I'll go ahead and just call it E.
C to admin.
They can select a color, then switch role.
Notice the EEC to admin in yellow.
That shows that we error assuming the EEC to admin role.
Right now, we can also see this under roll history.
Now this user has access to do things in two,
including launching instances or anything else that this role permits.
However, the user does not have their old permissions.
If we were to go to S3,
notice how they do not have permissions to list the buckets.
This is because when the user assumes the to admin role,
they have only those permissions.
Associate ID with the two admin role.
In order to exercise the permissions that the user normally has,
they'll need to switch out of the EEC to admin role
and back to their normal user.
Bacca's their normal user we can see that the buckets are listing.
Let's switch back to the EEC to admin role to see how the revoke sessions works.
We'll go back to Ec2 and note that we don't get any
permission errors from the admin account.
Go to roles select E C to admin, then revoke sessions.
You can revoke the active sessions by selecting the button.
This will add a policy to the account that will revoke all active sessions.
If we refresh the Dev one user, notice how they get an error.
It still shows that they're on the role, but they're session has been revoked.
Note that it only revokes active sessions.
The user can go ahead, switch back to themselves,
then assume the role again, and it will start a new session.
To completely block access,
the admin would need to remove the policy from the developers group that
allows members of that group to assume the EEC to admin role.
The other admin tool that can come in handy is the access adviser.
Notice how this shows that the Amazon S3 full access policy
was accessed by the Dev one user to day.
As you evaluate your roles,
the access advisor can be helpful to see if a role is being used or not.
Just keep in mind that there can be up to a four hour delay for activity to show up in the access advisor for roles.